1. NO DICKHEADS. We might all be undead, but we also pride ourselves on running an event that is enjoyable for all. Violence, destruction of property, and general toolishness will NOT be tolerated. If you are going to stage a 'zombie attack', make sure you've cleared it with your "victim" beforehand.

1.a. NO VIOLENCE/REALISTIC WEAPONS. Yes, this may seem like an odd request given the nature of the event, but keep realistic weapons, water pistols, water bombs etc to a minimum - in fact, we'd prefer it if you didn't bring them at all. The Melbourne Zombie Shuffle operates with the cooperation of Victoria Police, so we don't want that thrown into jeopardy by the actions of a few nongs who think they're in an Eli Roth film, thanks.

2. RESPECT OTHER PEOPLE AND OTHER PEOPLE'S PROPERTY. Keep your blood and guts to yourself (or other consenting zombies). No splattering passersby, no glooping people's shops, shopfronts or stock, no scaring children, old people or animals (unless they are participating in the shuffle!). This is of utmost importance. Last year a small handful of participants very nearly spoiled the event for everyone by acting like aggro idiots and banging on windows of cafes. Anyone spotted doing this will be dispatched to the relevant authorities.

3. OBEY THE ROAD RULES. We don't want you to get killed again; keep the horde to the sidewalks, cross on the green man, don't block traffic, etc. If the Police or Zombie Wardens tell you to stop doing something, THEN STOP DOING IT.

4. HAVE FUN! This is the most important rule of all - get into it! Don't stand around worrying if your blood looks real enough, or feeling awkward - embrace your inner undead!

5. NO DICKHEADS. Just wanted to make sure you were paying attention.



These guidelines are intended for your safety and the safety of the public. We also want to ensure that the image of zombie walks remains positive. Any negative impact we have will greatly diminish our chances of being able to do anything like this again in the future. 

1. If you want to participate in the zombie walk, be in zombie costume and make-up. 

2. We are not scaring people, we are not throwing things at or giving things to the public, nor are we promoting any cause… except FUN. 

3. Do not bring weapons of any kind, not even fake ones. 

4. Leave the alcohol and drugs at home. 

5. Do your best to remain in character during the walk. Zombies don't run, use cell phones, drink coffee, smoke, etc. Go slower and you'll look better in photos and on videos.

6. Do not approach, speak to, accost, touch, or otherwise interact with those not directly involved with the walk. 

7. Due to city ordinances, we ask that you keep the zombie groaning to a dull roar. No yelling, screaming, shouting, etc. 

8. Obey all traffic laws and be respectful of any car or pedestrian traffic that needs to pass. Don't block them, hold them up, or approach them in a threatening manner. Try to keep on the sidewalks when you're not crossing the street.

9. Take all trash with you and do not leave a mess anywhere. Be careful with fake blood and other makeup that may stain. NO bloody handprints or footprints and NO graffiti anywhere!

10. Please show respect for the public and law enforcement at all times. If the police ask us to disperse, please do so immediately and DO NOT argue with them. There's no need to spend your weekend locked up.



 At the end of the day, we want you to have fun AND to be safe! :)